did any of you watch the Comedy Central
Roast of Alec Baldwin last night
these are you don't have to pretend if
you didn't these roasts are typically
very funny and very brutal too and
that's hard to get away with in the year
2019 but Comedy Central came up well I
have to give them credit they came up
with a great idea to balance things out
next Sunday night they're airing a roast
that appeals to those who aren't
comfortable with the traditional roasty
humor from the people who brought you
the Comedy Central roasts comes a new
kind of kindness the Comedy Central new
era of positivity roast Jonah Hill is
here tonight and Jonah you're like a
jellyfish they're just gentle and
easygoing and super fun to watch you
won't believe how nice these comedians
are to each other
my friend Kevin Hart is here Kevin
listen I don't want to say kevin is
short because I believe that God made us
all the perfect size
everyone is equal and hosted by Henry
Winkler Snoop Dogg is here so I'm gonna
need someone to walk me to my car
because I've got a present for you Snoop
right out there in my trunk with
appearances like Oprah Pope Francis
Michael J Fox Malala and Natasha Leggero
Jeff Ross is so Jewish that I want to
wish him a happy and healthy Rosh
Hashanah
the high-end death no one will be
triggered how about ahead for tonight's
host Henry Winkler Henry if you're here
tonight
then who's out there volunteering at
children's hospitals
the Comedy Central new era of positivity
roasts we only roast the ones we love
Courtney I would deal with be authors
rest in peace my dear friend be on
Comedy Central
[Applause]
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you want to see
all our latest videos click the
subscribe button and if you don't click
anyway and close your eyes when they
come on